[Music]
well we're about to enter one of the
tunnels that was discovered by the
Israeli Army where I'm standing now used
to be a potato field the tunnel was
completely concealed we're at a depth of
about 15 to 20 M that's about 50 to 65
ft now this particular tunnel we're told
is one of the most professional that
they have found it was built over the
course of several years and a great deal
of reinforced concrete was used several
tons were to
and the entrance here is very narrow and
very small so we're going to have to
crouch down to get
inside well I've got to bend double now
to to get in here you can see the roof
is very much reinforced and very smooth
the Army says there was a lot of work
done to get this tunnel into
operation along the sides you can see
that there's a lot of work has gone in
there's wiring there was electricity in
here and there's a floor there's a roof
it's not quite tall enough for somebody
to stand comfortably but the Army
believes it was big enough to allow
several militants to pass through here
and they say that that was the aim at
the nearest kibuts the nearest Israeli
Community is only a few hundred meters
away and just yesterday a tunnel like
this was used by a group of Palestinian
militants they managed to cross the
border below ground they reached an
Israeli kots and they fired anti-tank
missiles and killed five Israeli
soldiers now Israel says dismantling and
neutralizing this tunnel Network which
it calls a terror tunnel network is the
key objective of the offensive in Gaza
the Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu
says the operation in Gaza will not end
until the tunnels have been put out of
action